fix: sanitize basename param by replacing unsupported character (#436)
argoproj-labs/applicationset: docs/Generators-Cluster.md

In Argo CD, managed clusters [are stored within Secrets](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#clusters) in the Argo CD namespace. The ApplicationSet controller uses those same Secrets to generate parameters to identify and target available clusters.

For each cluster registered with Argo CD, the Cluster generator produces parameters based on the list of items found within the cluster secret.

It automatically provides the following parameter values to the Application template for each cluster:

> - `name`
> - `nameNormalized` *(In case the name of your cluster contains unsupported characters, this parameter will replace them with `-`)*
> - `server`
> - `metadata.labels.<key>` *(for each label in the Secret)*
> - `metadata.annotations.<key>` *(for each annotation in the Secret)*

Reviewer: It might make sense to move the admonition about the unsupported characters to a doc themed callout after the parameter list:

```suggestion
- `name`
- `nameNormalized`
- `server`
- `metadata.labels.<key>` *(for each label in the Secret)*
- `metadata.annotations.<key>` *(for each annotation in the Secret)*

!!! note
    Use the `nameNormalized` parameter if your cluster name contains characters (such as underscores) that are not valid for Kubernetes resource names. This prevents rendering invalid Kubernetes resources with names like `my_cluster-app1`, and instead would convert them to `my-cluster-app1`.

```
